g'day guys a very easy recipe today you
will need some bacon some bread some
lettuce and tomato here I've got two
anchovy Phillips which I've chopped up
the juice of half a lemon a quarter cup
of olive oil 2 teaspoons of Dijon
mustard a clove of garlic and the yoke
of one egg now put all the ingredients
in the description bar guys so check
that out now into a mixer I'm going to
add the egg the Dijon mustard
the anchovies
the clove of garlic
and the lemon juice now know the
Mixmaster is overkill for such a small
quantity so you can whisk it if you want
now you just want to blend this for
about 20 or so minutes until it's nice
and smooth and then slowly add in that
olive oil until you've got a nice thick
and creamy mixture like this now just
set that to one side and we're going to
fry up some bacon
now you want to fry this up till it's
nice and crispy and then I'm just going
to take it off onto some paper towel to
drain and we'll put together our
sandwich now I have toasted the bread
here guys and I'm going to put that
bacon on then some tomato
and then some of that lovely Caesar
dressing now you can use mayonnaise if
you like your guys and you can spread it
on the bottom piece of toast if you like
to but I like to throw it on top of the
tomatoes
absolutely beautiful stuff that sees
addressing two guys using a Caesar salad
it is awesome then I'm simply going to
put the lettuce on top and the top slice
a toast and you're done guys now that is
an awesome BLT give it a go guys you
will not be disappointed thanks for
watching and I'll catch you all next
time